Pods/SlideMenuControllerSwift/README.md, before:

SlideMenuControllerSwift
========================

[![Platform](http://img.shields.io/badge/platform-ios-blue.svg?style=flat
)](https://developer.apple.com/iphone/index.action)
[![Language](http://img.shields.io/badge/language-swift-brightgreen.svg?style=flat
)](https://developer.apple.com/swift)
[![License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-lightgrey.svg?style=flat
)](http://mit-license.org)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dekatotoro/SlideMenuControllerSwift.svg?style=flat
)](https://github.com/dekatotoro/SlideMenuControllerSwift/issues?state=open)



iOS Slide View based on iQON, Feedly, Google+, Ameba iPhone app.

![sample](Screenshots/SlideMenuControllerSwift3.gif)

##Installation

####CocoaPods
```
pod 'SlideMenuControllerSwift'
```
  
####Carthage

if iOS8 or later, Carthage is supported

* Add `github "dekatotoro/SlideMenuControllerSwift"` to your Cartfile.
* Run `carthage update`.

for more info, see [Carthage](https://github.com/carthage/carthage)

####Manually
Add the `SlideMenuController.swift` file to your project. 

##Usage

###Setup

Add `import SlideMenuControllerSwift` in your file

In your app delegate:

```swift

func application(application: UIApplication, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [NSObject: AnyObject]?) -> Bool {

    // create viewController code...
        
    let slideMenuController = SlideMenuController(mainViewController: mainViewController, leftMenuViewController: leftViewController, rightMenuViewController: rightViewController)
    self.window?.rootViewController = slideMenuController
    self.window?.makeKeyAndVisible()    

    return true
}
```

####Storyboard Support

1. Inherit `SlideMenuController` and put UIViewController in a storyboard.
2. Override `awakeFromNib`, then instantiate any view controllers

```swift
class ContainerViewController: SlideMenuController {

    override func awakeFromNib() {
        if let controller = self.storyboard?.instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifier("Main") {
            self.mainViewController = controller
        }
        if let controller = self.storyboard?.instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifier("Left") {
            self.leftViewController = controller
        }
        super.awakeFromNib()
    }

}
```

If you want to use the custom option, please set them before calling the init method, like so:

```swift
SlideMenuOptions.leftViewWidth = 50
SlideMenuOptions.contentViewScale = .50
...
    
```

###You can access from UIViewController

```swift
self.slideMenuController()?
```
or
```swift
if let slideMenuController = self.slideMenuController() {
    // some code
}
```
### add navigationBarButton 
```swift
viewController.addLeftBarButtonWithImage(UIImage(named: "hoge")!)
viewController.addRightBarButtonWithImage(UIImage(named: "fuga")!)
```

### open and close
```swift
// Open
self.slideMenuController()?.openLeft()
self.slideMenuController()?.openRight()

// close
self.slideMenuController()?.closeLeft()
self.slideMenuController()?.closeRight()
```

### monitor the states of menu, you can use `SlideMenuControllerDelegate` use this:
```swift
func leftWillOpen()
func leftDidOpen()
func leftWillClose()
func leftDidClose()
func rightWillOpen()
func rightDidOpen()
func rightWillClose()
func rightDidClose()
```

## Requirements
Requires Swift3.0 and iOS 8.0 and ARC.  
If you are developing in the Swift1.1 ~ 2.3, please use branch of swift1.1 ~ 2.3.  
If you want to use even iOS8.0, please to import the code directly.   
If you want to use objective-c even iOS6.0, plesea use    [SlideMenuControllerOC](https://github.com/Pluto-Y/SlideMenuControllerOC).

## Features
- Highly customizable
- Complete example


## Contributing
Forks, patches and other feedback are welcome.

## Creator
### SlideMenuControllerSwift
[Yuji Hato](https://github.com/dekatotoro) 
[Blog](http://buzzmemo.blogspot.jp/)

### SlideMenuControllerOC
[Pluto Y Blog](http://www.pluto-y.com)
[Sing Weibo](http://weibo.com/plutoy0504)

## License
SlideMenuControllerSwift is available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for more info.

Commit message:

swift4 migration and small changes

Pods/SlideMenuControllerSwift/README.md, after:

SlideMenuControllerSwift
========================

[![Platform](http://img.shields.io/badge/platform-iOS-blue.svg?style=flat
)](https://developer.apple.com/iphone/index.action)
[![Language](http://img.shields.io/badge/language-Swift-brightgreen.svg?style=flat
)](https://developer.apple.com/swift)
[![License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-lightgrey.svg?style=flat
)](http://mit-license.org)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/dekatotoro/SlideMenuControllerSwift.svg?style=flat
)](https://github.com/dekatotoro/SlideMenuControllerSwift/issues?state=open)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/cocoapods/dt/SlideMenuControllerSwift.svg)](https://cocoapods.org/pods/SlideMenuControllerSwift)



iOS Slide View based on iQON, Feedly, Google+, Ameba iPhone app.

![sample](Screenshots/SlideMenuControllerSwift3.gif)

## Installation

#### CocoaPods
```
pod 'SlideMenuControllerSwift'
```

#### Carthage

if iOS8 or later, Carthage is supported

* Add `github "dekatotoro/SlideMenuControllerSwift"` to your Cartfile.
* Run `carthage update`.

for more info, see [Carthage](https://github.com/carthage/carthage)

#### Manually
Add the `SlideMenuController.swift` file to your project.

## Usage

### Setup

Add `import SlideMenuControllerSwift` in your file

In your app delegate:

```swift

func application(application: UIApplication, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [NSObject: AnyObject]?) -> Bool {

    // create viewController code...

    let slideMenuController = SlideMenuController(mainViewController: mainViewController, leftMenuViewController: leftViewController, rightMenuViewController: rightViewController)
    self.window?.rootViewController = slideMenuController
    self.window?.makeKeyAndVisible()    

    return true
}
```

#### Storyboard Support

1. Inherit `SlideMenuController` and put UIViewController in a storyboard.
2. Override `awakeFromNib`, then instantiate any view controllers

```swift
class ContainerViewController: SlideMenuController {

    override func awakeFromNib() {
        if let controller = self.storyboard?.instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifier("Main") {
            self.mainViewController = controller
        }
        if let controller = self.storyboard?.instantiateViewControllerWithIdentifier("Left") {
            self.leftViewController = controller
        }
        super.awakeFromNib()
    }

}
```

If you want to use the custom option, please set them before calling the init method, like so:

```swift
SlideMenuOptions.leftViewWidth = 50
SlideMenuOptions.contentViewScale = .50
...

```

### You can access from UIViewController

```swift
self.slideMenuController()?
```
or
```swift
if let slideMenuController = self.slideMenuController() {
    // some code
}
```
### add navigationBarButton
```swift
viewController.addLeftBarButtonWithImage(UIImage(named: "hoge")!)
viewController.addRightBarButtonWithImage(UIImage(named: "fuga")!)
```

### open and close
```swift
// Open
self.slideMenuController()?.openLeft()
self.slideMenuController()?.openRight()

// close
self.slideMenuController()?.closeLeft()
self.slideMenuController()?.closeRight()
```

### monitor the states of menu, you can use `SlideMenuControllerDelegate` use this:
```swift
func leftWillOpen()
func leftDidOpen()
func leftWillClose()
func leftDidClose()
func rightWillOpen()
func rightDidOpen()
func rightWillClose()
func rightDidClose()
```

## Requirements
Requires Swift4.0 and iOS 9.0 and ARC.
If you are developing in the Swift1.1 ~ 3.2, please use branch of swift1.1 ~ 3.  
If you want to use even iOS8.0, please to import the code directly.   
If you want to use objective-c even iOS6.0, plesea use [SlideMenuControllerOC](https://github.com/Pluto-Y/SlideMenuControllerOC).

## Features
- Highly customizable
- Complete example


## Contributing
Forks, patches and other feedback are welcome.

## Creator
### SlideMenuControllerSwift
[Yuji Hato](https://github.com/dekatotoro)
[Blog](http://buzzmemo.blogspot.jp/)

### SlideMenuControllerOC
[Pluto Y Blog](http://www.pluto-y.com)
[Sing Weibo](http://weibo.com/plutoy0504)

## License
SlideMenuControllerSwift is available under the MIT license. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for more info.
